June 5, 2090
6:00PM, the sun is setting
You arrive home from studying at the highest science techology university
You see that you got mail. You open up your mail box
You have been selected as a researcher to try time travel!
The science team decided to fly you out first class.
You finally arrive and meet the leader, Jim Kalper
Jim: Welcome to the team!!
Jim: We are going to start testing tomorrow!
Jim: You should take some rest now..
The next day.....
Jim: Everything on?!?!
Mike: Red switch on!!
Lakrry: Green switch on!!
Loon: Black is blinking?????
Jim: Shut it down!!!!
Lakrry: ITS TO LATE, ITS FULL POWER!!
BLASTTTT!!!!!!!!
You appear in a strange new word
It looks like your world but......
Robots are taking over!!!
You: There is massive spider robots everywhere
A Spider Droid is going to attack you...
Helper: Hey there!
Helper: You are going to enter your first battle
Helper: Your current health is displayed after each attack
Helper: Your attacks are displayed in a list
Helper: Great job defeating your first enemy!
Helper: As you find more weponds, you ll be able to do more attacks!
Massive spider robot approaches...
Helper: Hang on here! I ll take care of this guy! =D
Massive Spider Droid Stabs Helper robot! strength: 50
Helper Robot is deciding which attack....
Helper Robot ZAPS! strength: 500
Massive Spider Droid was defeated.
Helper: Wow that guy was easy!
Who are.... you?
Helper: I m just here to help!
You: Ohhhhhhh..... okay I ll see you then!
Helper: I m always here to help! Bye!
-------Helper Robot Flies Away---------
------------------------------
If you want to turn this text back into code later, I can help you:

* Automatically wrap each line back into slow_print() functions.
* Fix any spelling mistakes (like "weponds", "word", or "TO LATE") in the dialogue.
* Write out the next scene of the story.

How would you like to proceed with your game development?

Helper robot is the final boss of the game

He shows helpfulness but he just wants to keep testing you

In the end he gets tired of you but he doesn't realize how strong you are

After each 